---
slug: /installation
sidebar_label: Why Do the Markets Need Stable Jack?
title: Why Do the Markets Need Stable Jack?
id: Why Do the Markets Need Stable Jack?
keywords: [getting started, installation, react native, react-native, react-native-boilerplate, boilerplate, react-native-template, template, TypeScript, JavaScript]
---

# Why Do the Markets Need Stable Jack?

There are several pain points that Stable Jack offers a solution in the DeFi ecosystem:

**Unpredictable Yields:** While yield opportunities in the DeFi ecosystem can sometimes be attractive, they are often inconsistent. Returns on yields are variable and frequently uncompetitive, making it difficult for users to rely on them consistently. Stable Jack enables investors to access a fixed yield, providing them with a hedge against volatility risk.

**Uncompetitive Yields:** Very few scalable products offer above-market returns. Stable Jack allows investors to take a long position on the yield of a collateral asset, enabling them to access the highest yields possible in the market.\
\
**Points Farming with Leverage:** Points have become an inseparable part of the ecosystem by allowing investors to speculate on future token incentives. Stable Jack enables you to farm your favorite project’s points program with leverage, while also preserving your principal.

**Lack of Volatility Trading Solutions:** Despite the emergence of yield primitives that split yield into different products, these innovations rarely extend to volatility. Investors looking to trade or hedge volatility have no suitable platform to do so, as this solution is still missing in the market. Stable Jack enables volatility trading that allows investors to access leverage on any asset without liquidation risk.
