---
slug: /Why
sidebar_label: Why We're Building Stable Jack v2
title: Why We're Building Stable Jack v2 
id: project-structure
keywords: [project structure, structure, architecture]
---

# Why We're Building Stable Jack v2

Since the launch of Stable Jack, we've gathered valuable data and insights from our community through one-on-one interviews, surveys, and ongoing feedback. These findings have shaped our understanding of what our users need and how we can improve. Here's what we've learned:

* **Leverage without liquidation risk** is a highly appealing feature. It protects users from short-term price volatility and scam wicks, offering a safer trading experience.
* **Investors prefer fixed yield over** variable or higher-return yields due to its predictability, making it a superior product for many users.
* **High funding** fees are a pain point for traders, making leverage positions costly and less attractive.
* There's a strong demand for **competitive and sustainable yield**, though new users remain cautious when entering the space.
* Many investors prefer **speculation on the points**, so enabling points trading is important.
* Users aren't seeking another stablecoin but are focused on **finding reliable sources of yield.**
* **Integration with major protocols** is critical for adoption, as it builds trust and fosters collaboration.

These insights have guided our vision for Stable Jack v2, laying the foundation for the next phase of development. With these findings, we are focused on delivering a product that addresses the key needs of our users and the broader DeFi ecosystem.
